A computer can display an electronic video .
Administration:
Aims of the Project:
Also the user can rotate images .
A program can animate a recorded film .
A query of google found demonstrations of video tracking (of butterflies) .
A query to internet search engines returned potential approaches to investigate .
as by default images are in Red Green Blue format
As it is possible to take an image at rotate it by an angle (in radians).
A web search found what seemed to be such a program . 
Basic Image Manipulation:
Broad Outline:
Can a program perform (specified) object recognition ?
Can the code be reused into other contexts ?
Code Quality:
Computer software can replay captured electronic video .
could help with the project aim
create a matrix, multiply two matrices, find the transpose of a matrix .
Deliverables:
Detail the (mathematical) formulae required ?
Develop software that can track and identify butterflies in a video. 
Did you notice code snippets that were a 'neat' solution ?
Does the program treat all data uniformly or was the system less homogeneous ?
Does the source code contain adequate documentation ?
Especially useful to perform calculations on matrices two-dimensional tables of values .
Expand on how the idea is (somewhat) based of neural networks .
Finally we need to save the modified images to disk
For what cases or inputs does the software fail ?
Has the software been extensively tested ?
How did you choose which language(s) to host the implementation ?
How does the user indicate a bug, or problem, with the code ?
How does the user interact with the program ?
How interactive is the software, or is it run in batch mode ?
How is the software compiled ?
How robust is the code ?
How was this done .
How would you pitch the system to a non-technical audience ?
If you want you can adjust it to suit personal requirements .
Informally, what is expected of the program ?
In what way does the code simplify the problem domain ?
I set out to install and test octave .
Is the code a general solution?
Is the program restricted to a single task ?
Is the program the conjunction of several procedures ?
Is the speed of the execution of the code a large concern ?
It is possible for a camera to record a video in electronic form .
It is sometimes convenient to convert an image to grey-scale, 
It was found that octave is a free software equivalent for Mat-Lab?. 
Load pictures, to load in a picture of various format and store it in a convenient place. 
Mathematical Basis of Video:
Mathematical Match:
MatLabAndOctave:
Matlab is provided in binary form only so you cannot change it .
Octave can assist in executing mathematical calculations .
Octave can hold the values of variables and you can apply procedures to them .
Octave is designed such that you can install an add on or package 
Octave is free software .
Octave was installed and used to perform basic operations on matrices: 
one such package is designed to provide common operations on images. 
Query string : “ buffer-fly video detection “
Recognise a fuzzy match, ie partial similarities, related, but not exactly the same .
Science has produced a slew of filters to produce modified (by a formula) of a picture: 
Software can analyse (perform numerical calculations on) .
Software can detect regions satisfying certain criteria, can this be aligned with object occurrence ?
sometimes we need to work on images in grey-scale, 
Technical Prerequisites:
The first task then was to install and learn octave .
Theory:
the picture package provides a utility to effect this transformation.
The program is a detailed refine version of what steps?
The program is required to do ?
The software chosen from above could not run fully 
The software could detect or pick out just the butterfly .
To add packages in this case the picture package. 
To obtain a copy of matlab you must pay a fee .
User Interface:
Use the picture package to do the following : 
Using octave you are part of a community, working together .
Using packages you can avail of ideas suited to a particular specialisation .
Was the implementation broadly in line with theory, or were new cases uncovered ?
Web search indicated that scale invariant feature transform 
WebSeek prior work:
Were there changes to the requirements as the project proceeded ?
What deliverables can be expected ?
What does the user need to know before launching the program ?
What do we hope to achieve ?
What high level algorithms define the software ?
What interface is used ?
What is a metric ?  When are two points close ?
What is needed to explain the basis of the code ?
What optimizations were made to the basic algorithm(s) ?
What OS does in need ?   (Windows 7,GNU/Linux)
What other programmers have written similar code ?
What other (similar) approaches are there ?
What other tools are required ?
What problems, or false starts, were there in creating the program ?
What services are provided by the software ?
What task(s) are assigned to the software ?
What technical decisions were made before writing the code ?
What theories underly the actual program ?
What would you like the software to do ?
When is the program judged successful?
When you purchase a copy of Matlab you do not get it source code .
Who is expected to avail of the services provided by the software ?
Would it be difficult for others to join the project, and adjust to its code ?
You can define functions and other symbolic constructs .
You can read in pictures and transform the with formulae and filters .
You can take an image and rotate it by an angle .
